ubus: (OpenWrt) add SSL (#40870)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ubus.markdown

  required: true
  type: string
dhcp_software:

>   description: "The DHCP software (or /etc/ethers) used in your router: `dnsmasq`, `odhcpd`, `ethers` or `none`."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "The DHCP software (or /etc/ethers) used in your router: `dnsmasq`, `odhcpd`, `ethers`, or `none`."
```

  required: false
  default: dnsmasq
  type: string
ssl:
  description: "If your router enforces SSL connections, set to `true`."
  required: false
  default: false
  type: boolean
verify_ssl:

>   description: "If SSL/TLS verification for HTTPS resources needs to be turned off (for self-signed certs, etc.)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "If SSL/TLS verification for HTTPS resources needs to be turned off (for example for self-signed certificates)"
```
